add helm charts for app-design-center (#1806)
GoogleCloudPlatform/kubernetes-engine-samples: app-design-center/ai-inference/README.md

# AI Inference Helm Chart

> These samples show how to deploy a Gemma 2 27B model for inference. Visit https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/ to follow the tutorial.

Reviewer: **Question:** Should we link to https://cloud.google.com/application-design-center/docs/build-on-google-templates instead?
```suggestion
These samples show how to deploy a Gemma 2 27B model for inference. Visit https://cloud.google.com/application-design-center/docs/build-on-google-templates to follow the tutorial.
```
